yeah
special because the weather is
coming down on us we have a
short window to produce this
week but you know what
already we're marking fish this
could be just the fish we need
to start making a little money
that's right
guys got the job and the job
definitely fit everything within
God is right at us like we lost
them I bet dollars to doughnuts
this is got away before their
daughter you
like that going to the engine
anchor ball we've got a real
problem
the fish is going wrapped up in
the line that are acres attached
to it
sailing back to drag off that
dry clothes
I got guys on
the rough i got to get all the
best Garrett
yeah
never play with little clip
let this old man and the cat was
just a little bit of a badass
fish there everything there
Wow boo dog
Blue Dog touching the line if
that shark
it's any part of this fishing
line with that much tension on
it
there goes out soon right throw
some Chum like far to go there
all right we need to get lucky
here
go away with it
my doctor already color car
don't let it get away
yeah
very
back again got a nice one
the way up there 685 right
yeah being perfect look at that
glow definitely plenty of that
lot of like what you work for
proud and give you guys a teen
dollars about that
thanks girl well I line well dad
they're actually make some dough
this trip
we got one fish is full but that
made over twelve thousand
dollars
I just like to come home well
i'm still ahead